--- Slide 1 ---
X
Mastercard Commerce Media
Fast Track Adoption and Maximize Margin with Every Media Impression

--- Slide 2 ---
Why Genuin + Why Now
Fast Track Roadmap and Delivery of Scaled & Differentiated Commerce Media Solution
Support Sellers
An easily packaged and understood value proposition leveraging the #1 format engaging today’s consumer
Automation & Efficiency
Empower internal planning and activation teams with AI-powered Brand Control Center orchestrating media delivery and outcomes
Time to Market
Fast track this Commerce Media initiative, diversify and expand ROI, and transform marketing costs into revenues
Scaled Distribution
IAB compliant video scaled across premium publisher and retail media sites & apps, that are fully personalized and contextual
Unique & Differentiated
Ensure the offsite media experience is engaging, delivers on goals, and aligns merchants with Mastercard “Priceless” brand
Performance
Control the algorithm that delivers “Priceless” ROI and beats alternative investments. Phased approach of “experience takeovers” on trusted brand sites. Then 1:1 user level video orchestration w/credit card spend

--- Slide 3 ---
X
The Commerce Media Experience

--- Slide 4 ---
Genuin powers video experiences
inside owned channels
For Retailers & Commerce >
Embedded video community feeds drive more onsite engagement, sales & media revenue.
For Brands & Merchant Advertisers >
Reach and distribution of your video assets with engaged audiences in our Network.
For Consumers >
Personalized feeds surface relevant content, offers & social interaction.
8MM+
Logged-in users
100MM+
Devices

--- Slide 5 ---
Organic Content
& Ads
Creators & Influencers
Data
Pre-Launch
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.
Partner Network
= 237MM Reach
= 4B impressions/month
Genuin Onsite Audience
Engage Consumers Across The Network

--- Slide 6 ---
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.
Deliver Premium Takeovers of Video Feeds in Premium Environments
Carousel, grid, feed, and popup formats delivered across a network of partners - across apps and web
Homepage Takeover
Homepage Takeover
Homepage Takeover
Post-Checkout Takeover

--- Slide 7 ---
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.
Connect your media network
With video experience infrastructure and identity mapping.
Generate curated video feed
Deliver the right offers for the right users at the right time
LiveRamp maps Genuin user  ID into Mastercard user ID
genuin_user_id <> mastercard_user_id
Bring identity-mapped users from the Genuin Network
into Mastercard CMN

--- Slide 8 ---
Enrich Your Identity Level Data & Measurement
Get all raw logs of serving data back to your existing data infrastructure
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.

--- Slide 9 ---
Placeholder - Slides after this are held here before deleting
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.

--- Slide 10 ---
We power Video Experiences
inside owned channels.
For Retail, Commerce & Publishers >
Embedded video community feeds drive more engagement, sales & media revenue.
For Brands & Advertisers >
Reach and distribution of video assets with engaged audiences across the network.
For Shoppers >
Personalized feeds position timely, relevant content, offers & interaction.
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.

--- Slide 11 ---
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.
Activate Guaranteed Video Feed Takeover (Upfront sponsorship)
Carousel, grid, feed, and popup formats delivered across a network of partners
Homepage Placement Takeover
Homepage Placement Takeover
Homepage Placement Takeover
Post-Checkout Placement Takeover

--- Slide 12 ---
Carousel
Feed
Grid
Standard Wall
Contextual Continuity
Feeds & Carousels provide  personalized experiences as your audience moves through their customer journey.
Compatible on Cross-Devices
High attention and impact placements across apps, mobile web, and desktop
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.
Embed Placements within properties.
High-impact placements drive impressions and actions across apps, mobile web, and desktop.

--- Slide 13 ---
Activate 1:1 Mastercard data
Matched via LiveRamp
Map Mastercard identity to video delivery and engagement
Across the open web
Preserve control, privacy and interoperability
Across partners
Genuin Network Reach
8MM+
Logged-in users
100MM+
Devices
H2 2025. All information herein deemed confidential.
1
Steps to scale today
Identity-first activation

--- Slide 14 ---
Scaled & Differentiated Network: Consumption, Interactions & Revenue

--- Slide 15 ---
Why Genuin + Why Now
Fast Track Roadmap and Delivery of Scaled & Differentiated Commerce Media Solution
Time to Market Urgency & Easy to Sell
Fast track the roadmap of this critical Commerce Media initiative, in order to support sellers, quickly diversify and expand ROI, and transform marketing costs into revenues.
Unique & Differentiated “Priceless Media”
Ensure every offsite media experience is deeply engaging, delivers client goals, and aligns with Mastercards objective to build out a more connected experience for all merchants aligned with it’s “Priceless” brand.
Scaled Distribution
Leverage existing scaled Genuin Network of premium trusted media publishers and retail media O&O websites and mobile apps, to deploy a contextually continuous personalized IAB compatible video feed from day one.
Automation & Efficiency
Augment internal planning and activation teams with an AI-powered Brand Control Center to rapidly orchestrate media delivery and outcomes.
Performance
Deliver “Priceless” ROI that beats alternative investments. Consider a phased approach, with rapid deployment of contextually aligned upfront “experience takeovers” on trusted brand destinations. Then link credit card spend data to our distribution for 1:1 user level video feed orchestration across the Genuin network – but not at the cost of ROI – aligned with the longer term differentiation for the business to control the algorithm for end to end consumer journey.

--- Slide 16 ---
Activate Video Ad Units Programmatically (Identity-mapped)
via exchanges to curate and activate merchant specific dealIDs via Genuin-powered Mastercard tag
Merchant content
300x600 & 300x250
video player Ad unit
Mastercard user identity mapped
Programmatic distribution across network
Curate
Target
Deliver

--- Slide 17 ---
Why Genuin + Why Now
Fast Track Roadmap and Delivery of Scaled & Differentiated Commerce Media Solution
Time to Market Urgency
Overcome timing hurdles and ensure Sales Confidence. Fast track the roadmap of this critical Commerce Media Initiative, in order to quickly diversify and expand ROI, and the transformation of marketing as a cost center into a revenue center
Unique & Differentiated “Priceless Media”
Ensure every offsite media experience is deeply engaging, delivers client goals, and aligns with Mastercards ultimate objectives: To build out a more connected experience for all merchants aligned with it’s “Priceless” brand.
Some Examples:
Barter media assets across Mastercard’s merchant network partners, while keeping dollars in the Mastercard ecosystem. Reward system for consumers who opt-in for in-network ad exposure.
Merchant Advertising into an the TED sustainability community aligned with the Priceless Planet initiative.
Scaled Distribution
Immediately leverage existing scaled Genuin Network of premium trusted media publishers and retail media O&O websites and mobile apps, to deploy a contextually continuous personalized IAB compatible video feed.
Automation & Efficiency
Augment internal planning and activation teams with an AI-powered Brand Control Center to rapidly orchestrate media delivery and outcomes.
Performance
Deliver “Priceless” ROI that beats alternative investments. Consider reducing time/complexity barriers in ways that improve ROI by beginning with a contextual alignment of upfront experience takeovers on trusted brand destinations.
Then as a phased approach link credit card spend data to our distribution for 1:1 user level video feed orchestration across the Genuin network – but not at the cost of ROI – aligned with the longer term differentiation for the business to control the algorithm for end to end consumer journey.